Content Security Policy: add a section related to CSP (#4976)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Security Considerations/40 Content Security Policy/05 Common CSP Directives.md

> You can specify a set of CSP rules to define resources that your site will allow or restrict. See the list of common CSP directives and source values in the tables below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a set of CSP rules to define resources that your site allows or restricts. See the list of common CSP directives and source values in the tables below:
```

> You can specify a set of CSP rules to define which resources your site will allow or restrict. See the list of common CSP directives and source values in the tables below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify a set of CSP rules to define resources that your site will allow or restrict. See the list of common CSP directives and source values in the tables below:
```

> There are a set of different directives that you can implement in a CSP, to fit the security needs of your website or application.

Reviewer 3: No 'there is/there are', I already told you
